in austerity mode family
Valentine Bondarenko lives for two
of the week, your consumption here is already known for sure
two tons of water a month a barrel of water with us
dear before when the well broke
it was not our fault that the well
It was broken so it was only by
the cost of water was given a barrel and now
barrel worth big money is necessary to me
400 rubles to pay for two barrels of water
the nearest well is a mile away
about being sent alternately but her on
all lacks excise source
regular portions of saving moisture by
have to wait
earlier the upper body was supplied
water from two artesian wells one
of them failed last year
against the will of the Sivas leadership
repair decided to wait
but the supply was adjusted on time
the scheme this area we have water is supplied
from one well below
strength
water flowed up from her power through
booster pump which on the night of 9
May burned down the pump was decided
engage well which is here from behind
we are working for the inactive
For the past five years, the well has been underway
weeks last year within
state programs of repair and construction
drinking water networks on
landscaping and electricity supply of this
Artesian Ki mastered 280 thousand rubles
Dubossary exploration specialists
cleaned the well and when it is urgent
it took it turned out the water in
there is no well
the water level has fallen we are not idle
in Konstantinovka water appeared in
tuesday evening truth not everywhere
water supply was adjusted again by
timeline with the new pump
on operating well and but
short-term solution to the problem
according to the rural leadership this time
not be limited to today
working on flushing the mouth
wells
Dmitrieva which will be
predict the main source by
Supply of drinking water force
Konstantinovka this summer to be
also repair the second pro standing
artesian q district branch
state-owned water supply and
water disposal has already concluded an agreement for
cleaning this well olga end
Alexander Tyzh the first Transnistrian